[KeyVault] Supported user assigned identity for MHSM (#23130)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/KeyVault/KeyVault/help/Update-AzKeyVaultManagedHsm.md

Enables purge protection for the managed Hsm named `$hsmName` in resource group `$resourceGroupName`.

> ### Example 4: Enable purge protection for a managed Hsm

Author: ```suggestion
### Example 4: Update user assigned identity for a managed Hsm
```
